everyone's pier with carries net in this
video we are going to be comparing the
layout styles and menus between Windows
Phone 7 on a samsung focus from AT&T na
android froyo build running on an AT&T
captivate for this test we're going to
use the imdb app and here we go as
you'll see on the left it will be very
standard Android it'll have different
menu sections it'll have sub menus that
you can go into it will have its normal
menu option that you can go and change
settings like your history search and
then on the right in Windows Phone 7 it
has the standard list with a swipe view
so it goes from the recent news or today
as it's called it's very sensitive to
top news too then the menu kind of one
and then again you can go into your
history settings about again doing the
search button on this is going to come
on and pop into your search feature and
on this guy you just go into there and
do your search IMDb now it's like one
difference between these two apps is the
fact that on the Android you can search
the IMDb whereas this windows phone 7
version you can not to my knowledge
let's look at a video compared on both
of them so as you can see it also has
the same kind of layouts but not layouts
excuse me the same kind of features an
option so here's show times on the left
show times on the right you have your
movie meter on the bottom there's your
movie meter right there and then you
have your star meter which should be
there you go under your people tab and
again TV movies people let's go into our
harry potter on both these guys
and let's watch a trailer to see how
fast that loads again on these two
devices they're both on the same Wi-Fi
signal so let's see how that fares
switching so you can see a little bit
better
so it's going a little bit faster on the
windows phone seven lives on android
it's still loading picture quality is
going to be the same though both of
these having super M LED screens let's
get to a point out here that can pause
it come on this can I try and posit the
same parts all right so as you can see
good color reproduction on both good
blacks good vibrancy and depth to the
color let's go back on both of these and
again once you're inside each kind of
movie on the Android you're going to
have kind of the whole scrolling down
view with then sub menus that you go out
of where I was on this one you can
scroll to the different lists and
sections and categories and then get to
your information not only so this again
has been a demonstration of the layouts
between Android and Windows Phone 7 if
you have any questions let us know in
the comments if you'd like to see
anything else tested we have both these
devices for infinity so let us know on
that too and check out the full article
at www carries net thanks for watching
and again check out our youtube channel
carries net or the full website for
articles such as these and other ones
similar with Samsung and Android Windows
Phone 7 News